#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --cert=None --client-cert=None --index-url=None --pip-args=None requirements-dev.in
#
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via commitizen
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.6.5
    # via safety
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   sphinx
backrefs==5.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
bandit==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   commitizen
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   safety
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   commitizen
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   radon
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
commitizen==4.9.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via authlib
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decli==0.6.3
    # via commitizen
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via commitizen
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
dparse==0.6.4
    # via
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
fancycompleter==0.11.1
    # via pdbpp
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   safety
    #   virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   safety
identify==2.6.15
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   commitizen
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
joblib==1.5.2
    # via nltk
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
lark==1.3.0
    # via rfc3987-syntax
line-profiler==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mando==0.7.1
    # via radon
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==4.0.1
    # via safety
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
memory-profiler==0.61.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.6.21
    # via -r requirements.txt
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
mypy==1.18.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via mypy
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nltk==3.9.2
    # via safety
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.4.7
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   commitizen
    #   dparse
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
    #   sphinx
paginate==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mypy
pdbpp==0.11.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pip-tools==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   questionary
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   memory-profiler
    #   safety
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   pdbpp
    #   pytest
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrepl==0.11.4
    # via fancycompleter
pytest==8.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   commitizen
    #   jupyter-events
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pre-commit
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
questionary==2.1.1
    # via commitizen
radon==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2025.9.18
    # via nltk
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   bandit
    #   typer
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.14
    # via ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
safety==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
safety-schemas==0.0.16
    # via safety
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mando
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via bandit
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via safety
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via commitizen
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   safety
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via nltk
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typer==0.19.2
    # via safety
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via pre-commit
vulture==2.14
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
